{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21560\viewh12360\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 
\b\fs28 About Shock India\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\qj
\cf0 Visit us
\b0 : http://www.shockindia.co.in\
Shock India is an initiative that is aimed to create wide awareness about the electoral process and the role of elections in determining the future of India. We aspire to eliminate the gap between \'96 the electoral process and the voters of this country, particularly youth. It is our strong belief that an increased participation of citizens in the elections, ensures a better governance and hence, a better nation. \
There were many reasons to work on this initiative, the most important being the betterment of our own country. The research suggests that there is a direct relation between the state of a nation and its governance methods. And when we studied India and its governance, we found the interests of the people and government models not aligned in the same direction which was not a good sign. And the impacts could be seen as well. Most people are not completely satisfied with the way system functions in this country. We can see the frustrations of the citizens of India everywhere \'96 whether in the polite criticism of \'93system\'94 or the street protests. Shock India \'96 just like you, is an optimist that believes in the betterment of this country by encouraging more participation of people in the election process, particularly that of youth. \
Come join us, and help the world\'92s largest democracy shine with its true colors.  \
}