{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23740\viewh14600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\qj

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Terms of Service
\b0 \
Welcome to Shock India.\'a0By visiting this page, you agree to the following terms and conditions of our service. We may change these terms and conditions at any time. Your continued use of Shock India,\'a0means that you accept any new or modified terms and conditions that we come up with. Please re-visit the "Terms of Service" link at our site from time to time to stay abreast of any changes that we may introduce.\

\b Content Disclaimer & Liabilities
\b0 \
This App/Website & contents of this Portal/Website are created, updated & maintained by Shock India\'a0administrator for information purpose. Though all efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy and currency of the content on this Portal, the same should not be construed as a statement of law or used for any legal purposes. The portal accepts no responsibility in relation to the accuracy, completeness, usefulness or otherwise, of the contents. Users are advised to verify/check any information with the relevant source(s), and to obtain any appropriate professional advice before acting on the information provided in the Portal/website.\
In no event will the Shock India\'a0be liable for any expense, loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any expense, loss or damage whatsoever arising from use, or loss of use, of data, arising out of or in connection with the use of this Portal.\

\b User Information
\b0 \uc0\u8232 The App/Website does not automatically capture any specific personal information from you, (like name, phone number or e-mail address), that allows us to identify you individually. If the App/Website requests you to provide personal information, you will be informed for the particular purposes for which the information is gathered and adequate security measures will be taken to protect your personal information.\
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the App/Website to any third party (public/private). Any information provided to this App/Website will be protected from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We gather certain information about the User, browser type, operating system, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.\

\b Links to Third Party websites
\b0 \
Links to other websites that have been included on this portal are provided for public convenience only. Shock India\'a0is not responsible for the contents or reliability of linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the view expressed within them. We cannot guarantee the availability of such linked pages at all times. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this portal should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Links to Portal/Website by other websites
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj
\cf0 We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on App/Website and no prior permission is required for the same. However, we would like you to inform us here about any links provided to this App/Website so that you can be informed of any changes or updates therein. Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this App/Website must load into a newly opened browser window of the User.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\qj

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Material reproduction Terms
\b0 \
Material featured on this App/Website may be reproduced free of charge after taking proper permission by informing us here. However, the material has to be reproduced accurately and not to be used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context. Wherever the material is being published or issued to others, the source must be prominently acknowledged. However, the permission to reproduce this material shall not extend to any material which is identified as being copyright of a third party. Authorisation to reproduce such material must be obtained from the departments/copyright holders concerned.\
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India.\

\b Registration & Personal Information:
\b0 \
When you register, you will be asked to provide your personal information. The information we collect will not be shared with any other website or application. It will only be used by this website. This application uses cookies and other techniques to keep a record of your interactions which you have had with the website in the past. This is done only to offer a personalised experience.\uc0\u8232 In the process, we may collect the following personally identifiable information about you:\u8232 \'95 Your name including first and last name\u8232 \'95 Your username while login via 3rd party websites\u8232 \'95 Your alternate email address\u8232 \'95 Your mobile phone number and contact details\u8232 \'95 Your ZIP/Postal code\u8232 \'95 Your demographic profile (i.e. your age, gender, occupation, & address)\u8232 \'95 Your preferences and interests (such as news, sports & travel among others)\u8232 \'95 Your opinions on features on our website\u8232 We may also collect the following information:\u8232 \'95 About the pages you visit or access\u8232 \'95 Links you visit on our website\u8232 \'95 Number of times you access the page\u8232 Exchanging Information to/from Facebook & Twitter:\u8232 \'95 When you choose to login either via Facebook or Twitter, we collect your personal information from these respective websites\u8232 and use it only for authentication and display purpose.\u8232 \'95 This information we collect is not shared with any other websites or applications and is only used by and within this website.\
}