{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24120\viewh12320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qj

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Why Vote?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qj

\b0 \cf0 Have you ever criticised the government for not living up to the expectations? Have you ever blamed the system for the way it functions? Or have you ever wondered if you could make even a slight difference in order to make India a better country? If your answer to any of these questions is \'96 yes, then the upcoming elections are going to provide you an opportunity to prove your worth. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qj

\b \cf0 But how do the elections help?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qj

\b0 \cf0 Elections may take place once in five years, but they give you a chance to elect a candidate or a party and hence - the policies and their execution, that will eventually impact almost every citizen of the country. Believe it or not, it is the low turnout of voters in the elections that has distanced the people of India from the political system. During our research, we found that the countries which have higher participation of citizens in the voting process, are doing better in terms of economy, health, education and quality of life compared to those where this percentage is considerably low. \
Where do you want to see India? It is in your hands to shape the future. And if you want, you can conveniently ignore the state of current politics but that is what we have been doing for so long. Or you can wait for things to happen on their own. Well, practically speaking \'96 that is never going to happen. \
So, what do you need to do? \
Think about this:\
Have you ever won a game without participating in it? Definitely not. Then how can we have a prosperous country unless each one of us takes part in the governance? Sitting outside, not getting involved in the election process and hoping that the country will function automatically \'96 is not going to do anything. We need change and there can be no better agent for this change than our own participation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qj

\b \cf0 Remember
\b0  \'96 Elections matter and every election is determined by the people who show up. Go and cast your vote to opt for a good government. Else the burden of poor governance might be to troublesome to carry.
\fs22 \
}